hey guys this is Jessica - Chico and
you're watching Giga venture Giga
venture hey everyone
JT here from Giga venture comm and we're
here with the talented Jessica Pacheco
now Jessica DeCicco is famous for her
flame princess and what other rules have
you done well Flame Princess on
Adventure Time is one
I'm also tambry on gravity falls and oh
let in Kingdom Hearts - the video game
I'm also passage on pound puppies and
some old-school ones like milena on the
Emperor's new school and Maggie I'm
abuzz on Maggie and I have some really
exciting ones coming up which I can't
announce yet but I'm excited to share
them on my Twitter and Facebook and all
that so also when the time comes awesome
so your most well known right now for
flame princess on the really popular
show up enter time how is it working on
that show like with all the different
voice actors and characters oh it's like
the best of the best
so it's a great experience it's just fun
more than anything it's just a great
cast and a great group that create the
show so it's just an amazing experience
all around awesome now how is it playing
the character plane Flame Princess
because we know that she like fire can
be gonna have a hot personality like she
could be really simmer down
or she could be really angry yeah
definitely yeah so how's it playing a
character like that it is so much fun
because the range of emotions is so wide
that it's just fun for me to be able to
do that and especially to just switch
like on the drop of a dime to be super
sweet and then just emotional and when
she gets emotional she like you know
flames up and becomes a big play
monsters show how do you feel about
being Finn's girlfriend oh it's amazing
he's the best boyfriend ever do you
think she'll ever find out about how
Princess Bubblegum was was the one that
got her locked up in that Tower
um possibly I can't give anything away
but but you keep watching and find out
now you've also played other roles like
for example milena and in the emperor's
new school yeah I heard you you got you
were nominated an Emmy for that yes I
was nominated for an Emmy for that role
so that roles are special to me yeah it
was one of my first shows that I've done
and for animation so it was it was just
an honor to be nominated it was
incredible I heard it's pretty ironic
because like I think the one that won
the Emmy was actually yzma yeah from the
same show yeah that's awesome yeah
Eartha Kitt won the Emmy um year that
was nominated and it was just cool that
she was from same travel I mean it's
just it was a great show and a great
cast and it was just a really fun to
play that character yeah now you do also
work on a few video games mm-hmm
you were Collette and Kingdom Hearts
yeah how was that it was great um that
was a great game to me I've heard of
because it's such a huge game and I have
some other games coming up which I'm so
excited about but I can't say yet but um
but I just I was just in Croods the
video game I played the baby oh wow yeah
in the video game and then I had two
more big video games coming out I don't
know when
like your dua no idea awesome you sound
really busy it's been it's been a busy
year knock on wood man so is there any
way that the fans could literally so is
there any way that your fans can contact
you like through Facebook or Twitter
yeah I'm on Twitter at Jessica DeCicco
which is d I see I see CEO and I'm also
an Instagram same handle at Jessica did
she go and you can like me on Facebook
which is it's Jessica did she go and
I'll make announcements there when I'm
allowed to but yeah I love interacting
with fans so I encourage following and
message a message for them for the fans
out there just shine bright for the
bankers watching uh-huh you heard her
from Flame Princess and you're heard if
Ramona you're watching gig of that room
and that's a wrap
you